README.md, before:

Notify allows you to register the Django build-in signals with the custom e-mail message template. Once the template is registered, it will be sent to a receivers groups.


Post-save
------
To register `post-save` message, create the `notify.registry.PostSaveMessageType`
class, provide the `RECEIVERS` list (i.e. a list of names of the groups, that
can be configured to receive an e-mail during the `post-save` processing) and 
the `MODELS` list (only these models will be handled by this message template).

**When you're ready with the signal handler registration, `sync_db`, navigate to 
admin `notify` and configure the message template.**

```python
from notify.registry import PostSaveMessageType
class SomeMessageHandler(PostSaveMessageType):
    RECEIVERS = (('receiver_a', 'Receiver A verbose name'), ('receiver_b', 'Receiver B verbose name'))
    MODELS = (ModelA, ModelB)
				
    class Receivers:
         def get_receiver_a_emails(self, instance):
             # Some logic here...
             return ['some_email@example.org']

        def get_receiver_b_emails(self, instance)
            # Some logic here...
            return ['another_email@other.domain.com', 'a_second_email@other.com']
``` 

Other signals
------
The handlers for other build-in signals will be available some day. This is very
simple to implement, though -- so if you want to contribute... just fork this repo,
create the other signal handler and submit merge request!

Commit message:

Thorough cleaning and refactoring. The idea to store the templates in DB was dropped, now all the message config is stored in the python code.

README.md, after:

Notify allows you to register the Django build-in signals with the custom e-mail message template.
Once the template is registered, the signal event will trigger the message to be send.


Post-save
------
To register `post-save` message, create the `notify.models.PostSaveMessageType`
subclass, provide the `RECEIVERS` list (i.e. a list of names of the groups, that
will be configured to receive an e-mail) and the `SENDERS` list (only listed models postsaves will
trigger notifications).

The simplest message config is:

```python
from notify.models import PostSaveMessageType
class SomeMessageConfig(PostSaveMessageType):
    RECEIVERS = {'receiver_a': 'create', 'receiver_b': 'update', 'receiver_c': 'any'}
    SENDERS = ('app.ModelA', 'app.ModelB')
    SUBJECT = "Email subject - use {{ instance }}"
    BODY = "Email body - you can also use {{ instance }} here"
				
    class Receivers:
         def get_receiver_a_emails(self, instance):
             # Some logic here...
             return ['some_email@example.org']

        def get_receiver_b_emails(self, instance)
            # Some logic here...
            return ['another_email@other.domain.com', 'a_second_email@other.com']
``` 

'notify' lets you handle dynamic subjects and body templates as well as
language specific messages. More details soon.


Other signals
------
The handlers for other build-in signals will be available some day. This is very
simple to implement, though -- so if you want to contribute... just fork this repo,
create the other signal handler and submit merge request!
